Drexel University seeks to foster a safe and healthy environment 
built on mutual respect and trust. At the very basis of the
University’s mission is the recognition of the essential dignity 
and worth of each member of the University community.
Hazing is a serious violation of these principles. As such, 
Drexel University will not tolerate hazing activities by any
individuals, groups, teams, or registered/unregistered student 
organizations. The University encourages all members of its
community to be aware of the serious nature of hazing and challenges 
its members to work together to prevent its occurrence.
Definitions
Pennsylvania state definition of hazing (Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, Act 175 of 1986)
Hazing is any action or situation which recklessly or
intentionally endangers the mental or physical health of a
student or willfully destroys or removes public or private
property for the purpose of initiation or admission into or
affiliation with, or as a condition for continued membership
in any organization operating under the sanction of, or
recognized as an organization by, an institution of higher
education.
The term shall include but not be limited to any brutality of a
physical nature, such as whipping, beating, branding, forced
calisthenics, exposure to the elements, forced consumption
of any food, liquor, drug, or other substance, or other forced
physical activity which could adversely affect the physical
health and safety of the individual and shall include any
activity which would subject the individual to extreme
mental stress, such as sleep deprivation, forced exclusion
from social contact, forced conduct which could result in
extreme embarrassment, or any other forced activity which
could adversely affect the mental health or dignity of the
individual, or any willful destruction or removal of public or
private property.
For the purposes of this definition, any activity as described in
this definition upon which the initiation or admission into or
affiliation with or continued membership in an organization
is directly or indirectly conditioned shall be presumed
to be ‘forced’ activity, the willingness of an individual to
participate in such activity notwithstanding.
Drexel University Definition of Hazing
Regardless of the individual’s willingness to participate,
hazing is any action taken or situation created involving
new or returning organization/group members as a part of
joining, maintaining membership or holding office in that
organization that meets any or all of the following:
Violates state or federal law
- Humiliates or degrades and individual or group
- Intentionally or unintentionally endangers an individual
– mentally, physically or emotionally
“Members of the University Community” refers to its
faculty, staff, students, volunteers, coaches, organizations,
groups, teams, alumni, and visitors.
An “organization” is defined as persons enrolled as students
at the University who are associated with each other and
have completed the process of being a recognized student
organization with the Office of Campus Activities.
A “group” is defined as persons who are associated with the
University and each other, but are not a recognized student
organization or are not required to register as a student
organization including, but not limited to varsity athletic
teams, administrative offices, academic departments,
musical or theatre groups through a department, etc.
A designated “University Official” is any faculty, staff,
affiliate member, or person who is employed by or contracted
to work for the University. For the purposes of this policy,
appropriate University Officials for reporting hazing are as
follows:
- Primary: Public Safety
- Secondary: Student Conduct & Community Standards,
Fraternity & Sorority Life, Recreational Athletics,
Drexel Athletics, Office of the Dean of Students
- Allegations regarding faculty/staff: Human Resources
Hazing Policy
Hazing in any form is prohibited. This regulation applies to
all members of the University community. This regulation
applies to behavior that occurs on or off Drexel University
property.
The implied or expressed consent of a student to hazing is
not a defense under this policy.
Actions and situations that may constitute hazing include,
but are not limited to, the following:
- Forced consumption of food, alcohol, or drugs
- Paddling
- Creation of unnecessary fatigue, outside of standard
expectations associated with athletic competition
- Personal servitude
- Physical and/or psychological shocks
- Wearing apparel which is conspicuous and not
normally in good taste
- Degrading or humiliating games and activities
- Sleep or food deprivation
- Unreasonable exposure to the weather or unsafe
environments
- Kidnapping or abandonment
- Line-ups and/or berating
- Undue interference with academic pursuits
- Expectation of participation in activities that are
illegal, lewd or in violation of University policy
This list is not intended to be inclusive of all activities that
could be considered hazing.
Retaliating in any manner against any individual who
reports hazing or who participates in an investigation of a
hazing report is prohibited and will be referred to the Office
of Student Conduct and Community Standards and the
University’s Chief Compliance Officer.
Making an intentionally false accusation of hazing through
the University’s procedures is prohibited.
Responsibility for any violations of this regulation may be
attributed to the perpetrators, the student organization or
team, its members, and/or its officers.
Any organization or group may be found responsible for
any violations of this regulation upon satisfactory proof
that the organization or group did not discourage or did not
take reasonable steps to prevent hazing by its members or
affiliates.
In addition to this policy, NCAA student athletes shall
follow the policies and guidelines set forth by the Athletic
Department, NCAA, and Colonial Athletic Association
(CAA).
In addition to this policy, fraternity and sorority members
shall follow the policies and guidelines set forth by the
Office of Fraternity & Sorority Life, their national umbrella
organization, and national fraternity/sorority.
In addition to this policy, all recognized student organizations
shall follow the policies and guidelines set forth by the Office
of Campus Activities.
Rights of Those Who Report
Individuals who are victims of hazing and who truthfully
report the activities to Drexel University Public Safety and/
or an appropriate University Official will not be individually
charged with a violation of this regulation.
Individuals who have knowledge of a hazing incident but
did not participate and truthfully report the activities that
occurred will not be individually charged with a violation of
this regulation in relation to that particular incident.
An organization or group that seeks assistance in preventing
hazing from occurring within the organization, even if
past behaviors have included hazing, may not be charged
with a violation of this regulation. Any organization that
self-reports a hazing behavior to appropriate University
officials or the Drexel University police prior to incident
being reported will be given the opportunity to change those
behaviors without immediate threat of being charged with
a violation of this policy at the sole discretion of the Office
of Student Conduct & Community Standards. If evidence
is presented thereafter that hazing behaviors have continued
within the organization or group, that organization or group
may be held responsible for current and past behaviors.
An organization or group that self-reports must identify
those individuals responsible for the hazing behaviors to
be held individually responsible through the appropriate
conduct process.
Any University Official or employee who receives a report
of hazing must communicate that report to Drexel University
Public Safety and/or the Office of the Dean of Students as
soon as possible.
Reporting
Authority for enforcement of this policy is vested with the
Division of Student Life and Administrative Services, in
conjunction with the Dean of Students Office and Student
Conduct & Community Standards, or their designee.
Complaints or reports of activities believed to be hazing
will be reported to Drexel University Public Safety at (215)
895-2222. A person reporting an incident of hazing can seek
advisement from a staff member of one of the following
appropriate University Offices:
- Student Conduct & Community Standards –
(215) 895-6074 - sccs@drexel.edu
- Office of the Dean of Students - (215) 895-2506 –
deanofstudents@drexel.edu
- Fraternity & Sorority Life – (215) 571-3575 –
greeklife@drexel.edu
- Office of Campus Activities – (215) 895-1328 –
askOCA@drexel.edu
- Recreational Athletics – (215) 895-2025 –
sports@drexel.edu
- Drexel Athletics – (215) 895-1977 –
sports@drexel.edu
Anonymous reports will be accepted only through the Public
Safety Silent Witness Form on the Public Safety website
located at www.drexel.edu/publicsafety/about/forms
When reporting an alleged or potential act of hazing, please
include as much detail as possible about the incident,
including the following information:
- Date and location of incident
- Description of activities
- Organization involved (if known)
- Name of and description of students involved
Any questions concerning the interpretation or application
of this policy should be referred to the Office of the Dean of
Students.
Additional Requirements for Recognized
Student Organizations
All elected or appointed student organization presidents shall
complete Student Organization Officer Training (SOOT),
including the hazing education module (as available), in order
for their organization to be a registered student organization.
In doing so, they are agreeing that they, personally and on
behalf of the organization, will comply with the terms of the
Drexel University Hazing Policy.
All elected or appointed student organization presidents or
designee shall educate their respective organization members
on an annual basis regarding the applicable University
policies concerning hazing. Resources and support for this
education will be made available through the Division of
Student Life and Administrative Services.
Corrective Action and Disciplinary
Procedures
Violation of this regulation may result in corrective action
under the Student Code of Conduct, Human Resources
Policies and Procedures, or other applicable University
policies. Visitors refusing to comply will be reported to
Drexel University Public Safety or other authorities, as
appropriate.
Violations of this policy are subject to referral to appropriate
law enforcement and/or University services, as well as
to regional and national affiliated offices, for action or
prosecution, as applicable.
A student or student organization may be subject to Interim
Suspension, as defined in the Student Code of Conduct.
Violation of this policy by a registered Drexel University
student will result in appropriate sanctioning as noted
in the Student Code of Conduct. Such determination of
responsibility shall be done through the procedures outlined
by the Office of Student Conduct & Community Standards.
Students continuing to act in the name of a suspended or
expelled student organization may be in violation of a
sanction imposed under this policy and be subject to Student
Code of Conduct charges as individuals.
